d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\player.xnb
d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\white_walls.xnb
d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\bin\Debug\net8.0\Coloured Maze.exe
D:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\bin\Debug\net8.0\Coloured Maze.deps.json
D:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\bin\Debug\net8.0\Coloured Maze.runtimeconfig.json
d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\bin\Debug\net8.0\Coloured Maze.dll
d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\bin\Debug\net8.0\Coloured Maze.pdb
d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\bin\Debug\net8.0\MonoGame.Framework.dll
d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\bin\Debug\net8.0\NVorbis.dll
d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libopenal.so.1
d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libopenal.1.dylib
d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\soft_oal.dll
d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\soft_oal.dll
d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libSDL2.dylib
d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\SDL2.dll
d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\obj\Debug\net8.0\Coloured Maze.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\obj\Debug\net8.0\Coloured Maze.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\obj\Debug\net8.0\Coloured Maze.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\obj\Debug\net8.0\Coloured Maze.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\obj\Debug\net8.0\Coloured Maze.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\obj\Debug\net8.0\Coloured.FEFDE723.Up2Date
d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\obj\Debug\net8.0\Coloured Maze.dll
d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Coloured Maze.dll
d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\obj\Debug\net8.0\Coloured Maze.pdb
D:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\obj\Debug\net8.0\Coloured Maze.genruntimeconfig.cache
D:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Coloured Maze.dll
d:\Users\adamb\Bureau\DevProject\Monogame\Coloured Maze\obj\Debug\net8.0\Coloured Maze.sourcelink.json
